Added 4 new Houston mutation examples to docs (#329)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/05_manage-astronomer/02_houston-api.md

To authenticate,

> 1. In the Astronomer UI, acquire an API token via https://app.BASEDOMAIN/token. Alternatively, you can use the **API Key** of a [service account](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/ci-cd#step-1-create-a-service-account).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Astronomer UI, navigate to https://app.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/token and copy the API token. Alternatively, identify the **API Key** of a [service account](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/deploy/ci-cd#step-1-create-a-service-account).   
```

Reviewer: (We'll still want this to be `BASEDOMAIN` for Enterprise docs, but since there's only 1 URL here for Cloud let's just make it easier for users)

> 3. Expand the `HTTP Headers` section on the bottom left of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to Astronomer's [Houston API GraphQL Playground](https://houston.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/v1).
4. Expand the `HTTP Headers` section on the bottom left of the page.
```

Reviewer: Felt like we were missing a step - where do you go after the user grabs the auth token from Astro UI?

> 4. Paste the API token you acquired from Step 1 in the following format: `{"authorization": "TOKEN"}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Paste the API token you acquired from Step 1 in the following format: `{"authorization": "<api-token>"}`
```

Mutations make a change to your platform's underlying database. For some common examples, read below.

### Create a Deployment

> To create a Deployment, you'll need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Deployment, you'll need:
```

1. Permission (Workspace Admin)
2. A Workspace UUID

Then, in your GraphQL Playground, run the following:

> ```graphql
> mutation CreateDeployment {
>   createDeployment(
>     workspaceUuid: "workspace_uuid",
>     type: "airflow",
>     label: "Deployment Label",
>     config: {executor:"LocalExecutor"}
> )
> {
>   releaseName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```graphql
mutation CreateDeployment {
  createDeployment(
    workspaceUuid: "workspace_uuid",
    type: "airflow",
    label: "<your-deployment-label>",
    config: {executor:"<airflow-executor>"}
)
{
  releaseName
```

Here, executor can be `LocalExecutor`, `CeleryExecutor`, or `KubernetesExecutor`.

}
}
```

### Delete a Deployment

To delete a Deployment, you'll need:

1. Workspace Admin privileges

> 2. A Deployment UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A Deployment ID
```

I _think_ we're standardizing on Deployment ID in the CLI/API.

Author: Yeah I agree, wasn't sure though because the value in the mutation itself is called a UUID.

> If you don't already have a Deployment UUID, first run the query in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astronomer CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.
```

### Delete a Deployment

To delete a Deployment, you'll need:

1. Workspace Admin privileges
2. A Deployment ID

If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astronomer CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Then, in your GraphQL Playground, run the following:

```graphql
mutation DeleteDeployment {
  deleteDeployment (
    deploymentUuid: "<your-deployment-id>"
  ) {
    uuid
  }
}
```

### Create a Deployment user

To create a Deployment user, you'll need:

1. Workspace Admin privileges
2. A Deployment ID

If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astronomer CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

First, add the following to your GraphQL playground:

```graphql
mutation AddDeploymentUser(
		$userId: Id
		$email: String!
		$deploymentId: Id!
		$role: Role!
	) {
		deploymentAddUserRole(
			userId: $userId
			email: $email
			deploymentId: $deploymentId
			role: $role
		) {
			id
			user {
				username
			}
			role
			deployment {
				id
				releaseName
			}
		}
	}

> ```

Reviewer: @jwitz I might be getting tripped up with the format of this mutation (which you confirmed is ok), but are these all values that users have to replace? Might reformat to make clear what users need to replace and what values will actually be generated from this command.

e.g.

```
$userId: Id
		$email: <user-email-address>
		$deploymentId: <your-deployment-id>
		$role: <desired-user-role>
```

Author: Nope, these values are defined by the query table below. There shouldn't be any user-specified values in the actual mutation.

Reviewer: Oh word, ok!

> Then, in the **Query Variables** tab, add the following:

Reviewer: Not sure what this Query Variables tab is - is this a tab from a query referenced above in the doc?

Author: Query variables tab appears next to the HTTP headers tab. It's pretty clear where it is within the UI, so I didn't feel the need to specify further.

![Screen Shot 2021-04-23 at 1 24 50 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/115914223-e7d6d880-a42e-11eb-856b-79026fa39dc1.png)

Reviewer: Oh roger - totally missed that because I wasn't looking at the Playground myself. Agreed that this is self-evident!

}
```

### Create a user

To create a user, you'll need:

1. Workspace Admin privileges

> 2. A Deployment UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A Deployment ID
```

> If you don't already have a Deployment UUID, first run the query in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astronomer CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.
```

Then, in your GraphQL Playground, run the following:

```graphql
mutation AddDeploymentUser(
		            $userId: <user-id>
		            $email: <user-email>
		            $deploymentId: "<deployment-uuid>""
		            $role: <user-role>
    	  ) {
		            deploymentAddUserRole(
			                  userId: $userId
			                  email: $email
			                  deploymentId: $deploymentId
			                  role: $role
		            ) {
			                  id
			                  user {
			             	            username
			                  }
			                  role
			                  deployment {
				                        id
				                        releaseName
			                  }
		            }            
	        }
```

> 

Reviewer: Spacing here looks a little wonky - re copy paste maybe?

Author: Ralph confirmed this was alright in an earlier comment, I think it's wonky because the technique itself is wonky: Defining variables and then using those variables in a separate call.

Reviewer 2: can move everything to the left a bit so it looks like:

```
mutation AddDeploymentUser(
	$userId: Id
	$email: String!
	$deploymentId: Id!
	$role: Role!
) {
	deploymentAddUserRole(
		userId: $userId
		email: $email
		deploymentId: $deploymentId
		role: $role
	) {
		id
		user {
			username
		}
		role
		deployment {
			id
			releaseName
		}
	}
}
```

Is the same thing but formatted a little bit differently

> **Note:** To run this mutation, ensure that the user in question has already begun creating an account on the platform (i.e. the user has signed up and the platform has generated an "invite token" for that user).

### Update environment variables

> To programmatically update environment variables, you'll need:

Reviewer: Something wonky here with the styling - maybe double check code blocks above? Looks like this H3 header isn't being rendered correctly, but I'm not sure why 🧐

Author: When I render this in both GitHub and Atom it looks fine... I think GitHub is getting caught on some sort of version control thing, which is often where this format comes from.

> 1. A Deployment UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A Deployment ID
```

2. A Deployment release name

> If you don't already have a Deployment UUID, first run the query in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section to retrieve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astronomer CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.
```

Then, in your GraphQL Playground, run the following:

```graphql
mutation UpdateDeploymentVariables {
  updateDeploymentVariables(
    deploymentUuid: "Deployment Id",
  	releaseName: "release name",
    environmentVariables: [
      {key: "TEST",
      value: "SOME_DATA",
      isSecret: false},
      {key: "TEST1",
      value: "SOME_OTHER_DATA",

>       isSecret: true}

Author: Eep my bad, this was copied from Ralph's snippet. Will update!
